README.md, before:

<!--
# This file is automatically generated by a `metapak`
# module. Do not change it elsewhere, changes would
# be overriden.
-->
# jsarch
> A simple module to extract architecture notes from your code.

[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/jsarch.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/jsarch)
[![Build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/nfroidure/jsarch.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/nfroidure/jsarch)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch.svg)](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch#info=devDependencies)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/nfroidure/jsarch/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/nfroidure/jsarch?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch)
[![Dependency Status](https://dependencyci.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch/badge)](https://dependencyci.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch)

# Usage

```
npm i -g jsarch

jsarch **/*.js > ARCHITECTURE.md

```

# License
[MIT](https://github.com/nfroidure/jsarch/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs(architecture): Adding graph to architecture notes

README.md, after:

<!--
# This file is automatically generated by a `metapak`
# module. Do not change it elsewhere, changes would
# be overriden.
-->
# jsarch
> A simple module to extract architecture notes from your code.

[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/jsarch.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/jsarch)
[![Build status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/nfroidure/jsarch.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/nfroidure/jsarch)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch.svg)](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/nfroidure/jsarch#info=devDependencies)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/nfroidure/jsarch/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/nfroidure/jsarch?branch=master)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch)
[![Dependency Status](https://dependencyci.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch/badge)](https://dependencyci.com/github/nfroidure/jsarch)

# Usage

You may want to generate this project's architecture notes:

```
npm i -g jsarch

git clone git@github.com:nfroidure/jsarch.git

cd jsarch

jsarch **/*.js > ARCHITECTURE.md

```

You can see [this repository architecture notes](./ARCHITECTURE.md) for an
 example of the kind of content generated by this module.

# License
[MIT](https://github.com/nfroidure/jsarch/blob/master/LICENSE)
